=================
Create Bundle IDs
=================

The next step is to create four **Bundle IDs**. These are unique identifiers 
for your branded iOS app. You must also create an **App Group** and place your 
three **Bundle IDs** in your **App Group**. You will need your base **Bundle 
ID** and **App Group** when you build your app with the ownBrander app on 
`Customer.owncloud.com <https://customer.owncloud.com/owncloud>`_.

Create App ID
-------------
   
Now you must create your App ID. Go to **Identifiers > App IDs** and click the 
plus button (top right) to open the "Register iOS App ID" screen. Fill in your 
**App ID Description**, which is anything you want, so make it helpful and 
descriptive. The **App ID Prefix** is your Apple Developer Team ID, and is 
automatically entered for you.

.. figure:: images/cert-8.png

Scroll down to the **App ID Suffix** section and create your **Bundle ID**. 
Your 
**Bundle ID** is the unique identifier for your app. Make a note of it because 
you will need it as you continue through this process. The format for your 
**Bundle ID** is reverse-domain, e.g. *com.MyCompany.MyProductName*.

.. figure:: images/cert-9.png
    
The next section, **App Services**, is where you select the services you want 
enabled in your app. You can edit this anytime after you finish creating your 
**App ID**. Check **App Groups**, make your other selections and then click the 
**Continue** button at the bottom. Now you can confirm all of your information. 
If everything is correct click **Submit**; if you need to make changes use the 
**Back** button. 

.. figure:: images/cert-11.png

When you are finished you will see a confirmation. Click the **Done** button at 
the bottom.

.. figure:: images/cert-12.png

Create App Group
----------------

The next step is to create an App Group and put your App ID in it. Go to 
**Identifiers > App Groups** and click the plus button (top right).

.. figure:: images/cert-13.png
     
Create a description for your app group, and a unique identifier in the format 
*group.com.MyCompany.MyAppGroup*. Then click **Continue**

.. figure:: images/cert-14.png
   
Review the confirmation screen, and if everything looks correct click the 
**Register** button.

.. figure:: images/cert-15.png

You'll see a final confirmation screen; click **Done**.

.. figure:: images/cert-16.png
   
When you click on **App Groups** you will see your new app group.

.. figure:: images/cert-17.png

Now go back to **Identifiers > App IDs** and click on your App ID. This opens a 
screen that displays all your app information. Click the **Edit** button at the 
bottom. 

.. figure:: images/cert-18.png
   
Click the **Edit** button next to **App Groups**.

.. figure:: images/cert-19.png

Check your app and click the **Continue** button.

.. figure:: images/cert-20.png
    
The next screen asks you to "Review and confirm the App Groups you have 
selected". Click the **Assign** button to confirm. The next screen announces 
"You have successfully updated the App Groups associations with your App ID", 
and you must click yet another button, the **Done** button at the bottom.  

Create a DocumentProvider Bundle ID
-----------------------------------

Now you must return to **Identifiers > App IDs** and click the plus button to 
create a DocumentProvider Bundle ID. Follow the same naming conventions as for 
your App ID, then click **Continue**.

.. figure:: images/cert-25.png
 
Confirm your new App ID and click **Submit**.

.. figure:: images/cert-26.png
 
You will see one more confirmation: "Registration complete. This App ID is now 
registered to your account and can be used in your provisioning profiles."  
Click **Done**.

Now you need to add it to your App Group. Go to **Identifiers > App IDs** and 
click on your new DocumentProvider Bundle ID to open its configuration window, 
and then click the **Edit** button at the bottom. 

.. figure:: images/cert-27.png
  
Select **App Groups** and click the **Edit** button.   

.. figure:: images/cert-28.png

Select your group and click **Continue**.

.. figure:: images/cert-29.png
   
Once again you will asked if you really mean it. On the confirmation screen 
click **Assign**, and you'll see the message "You have successfully updated the 
App Groups associations with your App ID."

Create a DocumentProviderFileProvider Bundle ID
-----------------------------------------------

One more time, go to **Identifiers > App IDs** and click the plus button to 
create a DocumentProviderFileProvider Bundle ID. Follow the same naming 
conventions as for your App ID, then click **Continue**.

.. figure:: images/cert-30.png
   
Confirm your new App ID and click **Submit**.

.. figure:: images/cert-31.png

You will see one more confirmation; review it and click **Done**. Now you need 
to add it to your App Group. Go to **Identifiers > App IDs** and click on your 
new DocumentProviderFileProvider Bundle ID to open its configuration window, 
and 
then click the **Edit** button. 

.. figure:: images/cert-32.png
   
Select **App Groups** and click the **Edit** button.   

.. figure:: images/cert-33.png

Select your group and click **Continue**.

.. figure:: images/cert-34.png
    
On the confirmation screen click **Assign**, and you'll see the message "You 
have successfully updated the App Groups associations with your App ID." 

Create a ShareExtApp Bundle ID
------------------------------

This supports Apple's ShareIN extension. 

Yet again, go to **Identifiers > App IDs** and click the plus button to create 
a 
ShareExtApp Bundle ID. Follow the same naming conventions as for your App ID, 
then click **Continue**.

.. figure:: images/cert-53.png
   
Confirm your new App ID and click **Submit**.

.. figure:: images/cert-54.png

You will see one more confirmation; review it and click **Done**. Now you need 
to add it to your App Group. Go to **Identifiers > App IDs** and click on your 
new ShareExtApp Bundle ID to open its configuration window, and 
then click the **Edit** button. 

.. figure:: images/cert-55.png
   
Select **App Groups** and click the **Edit** button.   

.. figure:: images/cert-56.png

Select your group and click **Continue**.

.. figure:: images/cert-57.png
    
On the confirmation screen click **Assign**, and you'll see the message "You 
have successfully updated the App Groups associations with your App ID." 

Four Completed App IDs
----------------------

Now you should have four new App IDs, and all of them should belong to 
your App Group.

.. figure:: images/cert-37.png